yo yo yo I uh I was going to just do
this just by myself but I figured might
as
well record it um so I've been playing a
ton of I just got dolphin on my thing
I'm playing a ton of melee it's one of
my favorite games and I found it was a
cool YouTube video I learns to play
Super Smash Bros I feel like maybe I'll
try to do that but for right
now I want to just install it and record
that also um got to show you guys
something
sick okay so hold on I need
to
all right check it out so this is my
synth so now I can use a potentiometer
control the pitch let me switch to my
other
view without the
filter okay so here's the
speaker here's the
circuit here is one I did on stripboard
which is broken and doesn't work which
is really unfortunate my other op amps
are coming in today this one works
though this is sick I can't do it right
now because I don't have my I don't have
a power supply I have that at the maker
space
um yeah this is pretty cool I need to
add uh pitch fine-tuning the pitch so
that it conforms the volt per octave and
do some other stuff but all right that
so that's little cool
update let's get this thing back on
filters
backround oh what it didn't
work um so let's
uh so this is the this is
his
but I don't really want to use his I
want to use this one I found that seems
like it's probably just
hardcoded uh and then I have to install
this
thing um put it in
here
oh and I also got a bunch of other games
dude I've been going ham on the
uh probably want to GameCube
adapter bro
what
okay all right let's just make this work
so I don't know what any of that
is I don't even know if I need one of
these
adapters I think that that is just
recommend okay
so first off let's make sure that this
thing is
downloaded I don't have that I just have
a one of
these we're probably going to play a
good amount of
melee in
fact well all right let's get this
out
um what is
this yo what is
this assembly code
dude what the
[__] that's
crazy okay so what codes do I need
here yo this is not
looking what is an inii file
anyway
I'm just
curious
crazy okay let's go
back
dude these setup steps are weird I don't
get
this all right wait let's install this
gecko thing
or
slippy okay now we have lib
melee and we need so
slippy uh
okay um wait should I I should probably
do this on uh
okay okay
slippy create
account
login
okay am I logged in cool so now let's in
here
okay I check my
email exciting
[Music]
right okay verified that [__] real
good except the R rules except privacy
policy what my connect
code this application wait hold
on okay wait let me right so now I think
I should probably do
this okay so here it's saying select an
ISO so downloads
games C ISO is that
okay nice
all right this is just patch
releases replay okay so now I can
play oh that's neat wait wait my
controller is not
[Music]
working
um
GG's net
play all right hold on let me try that
one more time I
don't I don't know my controller is not
working
though was it I feel like it wasn't
but maybe that's just because dolphin's
already using
it like what if we close
dolphin oh here that was
dolin oh I just have to use
my all right so let's do this really
quick I don't think it has my oh this is
using an old version of wait let me do
this
too this using an old version of
dolphin
[Music]
um he
wait
wow it's like super
[Music]
laggy
wait bro why isn't it doing
it
dude this thing is laggy a
[Music]
man but I saw it show up there we go all
right hold on we got to figure this
out all right we'll see if this
[Music]
is
okay that was nice all right what what
if we just have
it open doin we'll see what that
does
advaned playback configure
dolphin oh wait import Dolphin
settings oh see yeah ships with its own
dolphin and it's a old ass dolphin
bro okay so what about this
so where are my dolphin
files okay so if I go to
Dolphin can I open
the
nice
okay so we should be able to just do
this I feel like this might [__]
everything
up okay so let's so then I also want to
do that thing where play launches
dolphin and then I want to just turn off
the music right
now
right let's do try
it this should open no this still opens
its [__]
thing but at least I should be able to
configure this much better now because
it was being super
whack
uh control
yeah
uh uh
down
left
right
up when I was doing the the button
mappings for uh Game Boy it was so nice
that it would just like automatically
jump to the next one okay this is uh
all right cool how do I get the I don't
know all right so that sounds good all
right so now this should just
work all right actually want to whoa
this game looks clean dude it looks like
nice Captain Falcon choose your
character
oh my god dude people have reverse
engineered a crazy amount of
this I just want to play this is only
for online play I
guess what if I put in my own
connect
dude this is so
cool GG's
GG's choose your
character dud it's all about the codes
all right
so so that's all right so let's close
that okay what do we need to do then do
we have
slippy where's my Chrome oh
here why do you need
that
oh sick all right we are following this
[__] this is alt f4 I'm going to make
this video to show you just how easy it
is to make your own Smash Brothers AI
using Li melee this a python free API or
making your own Smash Brothers AI this
works with slippy online and could not
be easier so let's jump into some code
these 20 lines right here are a quick
example that's on my read the do page
for with melee this is all the SC code
you need to get going to generate the
basic theme structures and what is going
on let's start this so I copy this code
into my text editor this is just Adam
but of course you can use whatever text
editor you like and let's walk through
these lines of code one by one just kind
of dude there's something sussy going
on something is like capturing my I
don't think
it's this
though because I can't oh I can't I
don't know what's going
on I feel like there's some like zombie
process though that's making the edge of
my screen
yellow I don't give a
[__] first is melee melee is on pip so
you just P install melee and it'll give
you the latest version of the library
for there we're going to make a console
object this represents the console
you're playing with most of the time
this is going to be sppy online so it's
going be a dolphin instance so that's
why we pass in it is defin true but you
can also use other back ends including
an SLP file or in the future an actual
we console we're going to give it some
basic information like what port our AI
is running on what port our opponent is
on and our opponent type in this case
we're going to use a GameCube controller
adapter to play against because we're
going to play against our bot live here
and then the executable path to the
dolphin itself and in my case dude I
don't get that
part this is the full path to the
location where the is version is um the
S address is just a local host um you
can actually View and play against live
running versions of DOL in their remote
using this but for the moment I'll just
keep with Local Host and logger ising
long just again from there we make a
controller controller object is going to
be our primary method for pressing
buttons on like a virtual controller
this is the way that the B is going to
interface with the game in this Cas
we're going to say Port we're going to
be on controller Port one our bot will
and then we tell what console that we're
going to be plugging into the console
then runs so this is going to run our
actual like dolphin instance we have to
connect to it like the uh the program
code has to connect to the dolphin
instance and then we're going to plug
our controller in after that and from
there uh we just Loop forever in getting
new game States this step function from
the console will give us a new game
State the game State represents the full
state of the game at each frame so each
Loop in this wild Loop is going to be a
frame of the game that we can make
decisions based off of so let's start
run this code see what
so we're just going to run a puff. py in
this instance we're going to be running
a we're make a jiggly puff AI that will
try to rest us but the moment you can
see it'll pop up with a f slippy 2.11
which is the latest version slippy we
can hit
play and it'll boot up and you can see
here we are in the slippy online though
uh we didn't actually say uh for our bot
to press any buttons at this point so it
doesn't kind to do much of anything
controller board is here but it's not
pressing any buttons since that's
expected all right so we can quit out
and let's make it press the buttons so
the first thing we want to do is uh use
some of our helper code to navigate the
menus so also on example all right wait
okay all right let's go to the doc
Li do doc you
bro I want that
code I just want to see if it works you
know uh
code um uh okay where where are
we dude power shell is so slow I feel
like there's also a bunch of [__] going
on right
now uh CD
Source make CD pi plus make their uh
Smash
Brother it's so funny they type spml I'm
so so used to that okay uh code
sbm Super Smash Bros
melee I we calling it puff. pie is that
what this fool said puff. pie bro
because we puff on that p
real
okay slip okay
wait what is this supposed to
be we have melee right okay so this
thing just needs to load its extend or
something um python Pyon python
P
enable dude can we disable this [__]
lean for
nonsense reopen it see if it can find
mail
it
there's less colors than I feel like it
should
have okay what if I hold alt and click
on it's
loading
nice
path to the directory where you're
execut okay so that's what we had
[__] I just wait is it still in
my no obviously not where did I put it
all right
doin oh wait yeah this
thing
okay
have
to okay so let's just try to run this
[__] Huff the Magic
Dragon bro
what
H
[__] dude that is
absurd you can't copy and paste
paths fix it
bro
okay wait did that do it
I feel like that's
wrong I try I just try like the
oh let's try one more
time
but that is my
path could not find dolphin home
directory path to the directory where
dolphin executable is
located okay that's definitely
right
if you want to play interactively with
or against your AI you'll probably want
to GameCube
adapter does that mean that that's the
only way that you can
play dude it's
[Music]
$100 what the actual
[__] I don't know what this step means
at all let's see if he shows
it
unfortunately example program you can
view for reference we're going to use a
menu hel which is a really useful uh
helper function that will be useful for
navigating the menu systems so in this
case we're just going to copy a little
bit of code and we'll explain what it do
here and
here so now what we're going to be doing
is looking at the game state that we
just received per frame and if we're in
the game or inide death that we just
kind of do just pass the moment and if
we're in a menu we're going to pass the
control off to menu helper so pass the
game State our given controller tell us
what port we are we're going to choose
our character be jiggly puff and we're
the stage let's go to battle field we're
not going to be using a connect code
which be playing locally that an empty
string auto start equals false just to
make it a little easier for us to work
this and now let's see what this looks
like run that
code and now you can see the B
automatically go into versus mode men
for us pick it character and then let us
know that it is ready by following our
character mod or H so let's pick a
character we see the B automatically go
right into Battlefield and then kind of
do not much anything it Ducks because
the last button that we pressed was down
in the menu and we didn't say to do
anything else so now we're in a good
spot to start actually writing some code
to make our bot do stuff let's go out
again that's here what we're going to do
is try to make a jiggly puff AI that
will kind of chase us down and rest us
so the first thing we want to do is if
game state distance is less than four
now these are in-game units so four is
pretty short distance it's about the
size of jiggly puff probably a little
bit smaller we're going to use a
controller do press button and then
we're going to press the B button
melee button
button this press the button controller
do
tilt I don't know why I can't find this
[__] path
though
isn't there a
um what is it OS
is
no
bro oh it's the path that is dir I
see
dolphin home
p
maybe I should
do
wait is that going to work I feel like
that's not going to work that's only for
Linux
bro
is this the Homer what is home
directory
but I want to read how it
design D but this thing is going to
destroy me
dude I'm suspicious about that
thing all right let's watch the video
again this is kind of
old
is that work that
was this is user
folder dude I don't want to [__] with
the registry are you kidding
me
can I do this I feel like there's no way
copying and pasting in a path like this
will
work oh
okay wait that was what it
was so let we
try uh
does that work bro I don't know about
that
one uh so wait so there was another
thing which is Dolphin Home
Path let's try running it
again
okay
wait what is this dude why are python
eror
like is there any way to make these
python errors print colors it's so hard
to read
this I'm gonna ask
gbt
um I'm running
python script and power
shell V code can I
make
col just by
default
no no no no no I
mean well I'm definitely going to add
that
I feel like this is a waste of time uh
because I I bet the answer is
no
all right let's try
that that's got to be better than
whatever the we got going
on
I can't even read
this dis
garsing dude hurry up power shell is
actually so
slow please give me
colors oh that's so nice I like that a
lot
okay so it looks like it's trying
to cannot find this
file okay so what is the command can we
print out the
command
oh but that's super stupid it just it
breaks the
[__] wait what if we run it
again is it going to do the same thing
that's so [__]
dumb oh great yeah draw a box around it
so you can't alt click it that's super
smart
guys cannot find the specified file all
right wait let's try this other one
better
exceptions
please don't drw oh well that didn't do
anything
python [__] sucks bro that's the
moral of the
story can I just print
command I'm going to try
that
oh okay so it's getting it all
wrong uh it's getting it all
wrong what do we do
about
um so where is lit so this is
probably this is probably
real wait that's
just
um okay so that's a real
thing
this why is it trying
to
okay so what if we get what if
we hey everybody I'm make this python
free API could not be EAS example so I
cop this code into my text editor this
is just Adam but of course you can use
whatever text editor you like and let's
walk through these lines of code one by
one just kind of be familiar with them
first is import of melee Li melee is on
PPS so you just hit install melee and
it'll give you the latest version of the
for there we're going to make
it okay so I think I let's try the
slippy bro that's not what you want at
all
idiots okay how do I open the shortcut
how do I follow this stupid [__]
simulink this absolutely is going to
start the program
um Windows
guys [__]
game it's probably just in
downloads
all right well let's just look for
slippy
dolin no [__]
way okay well let's just start slippy
and I'm sure I can find
it
but I
changed okay what if we try
this cuz that has slippy
dolphin Puff the Magic
Dragon bro why am I
so
dude Windows programming is for
[__] then we wait do we want playback
all right let's try I I'm suspicious
that this is going to work
out okay
well what did
something all right I what one thing I'm
going to do I'm going to open slippy and
I'm going to change it to play launches
melee and then kill this kill die die
die
die all right now we're going to go to
the isn't there an
example
wait I the what was example
right so let's clone this
thing okay I'm just going to add it to
here because
okay we need the isop paath which is all
Gucci that's easy to find we copy this
thing copy his
path what the [__]
and then our dolphin path is this we
already have
that okay so now let's
do
uh
see why is it just waiting for
game
is that all I'm supposed to
do
a console object this represents the
console you're playing with most of the
time this is going to be S online so
going be a dolphin instance so that's
why well let's actually read this
thing because I think that I need to set
some extra stuff
like
[Music]
are all of these the
same
yeah they changed the API a little bit
but should be
good where's opponent
Port
cool
wait wait I want to try this I want to
try mine
now it doesn't it's not going to do
anything different
do the exact same
thing I thought I changed the [__]
setting it just does
this is defit true but you can also use
other backends including an SLP file in
the future on actual we console we're
going to give it some basic information
like what port our AI is running on what
port our opponent is on and our opponent
type in this case we're going to use a
GameCube controller down there to play
against because we're going to play
against our B live here and then the
executable path to the dolphin itself
and in my case this is the full path to
the location where the is version is um
the S address is just Local Host um you
can actually View and play against live
running versions of dolphin remote using
this but for the moment you I'll just
keep with Local Host and lerer just yet
controller controller object is going to
be a primary method for pressing buttons
on like a virtual controller this is the
way that the B is going to interface
with the game in this case we're going
to say Port we're going to be controller
Port one our bot well and then we tell
it what console that we're going to be
plugging into the console then runs this
is going to run our actual like dolphin
instance we have to connect to it like
in the uh the program code has to
connect to the dolphin instance and then
we're going to plug our controller in
after that and from there uh we just
Loop forever in getting new game States
this step function from the console will
give us a new game State the game State
represents the full state of the game at
each frame so each Loop in this wild
Loop is going to be a frame of the game
that we can make decisions based off of
so let's try running this code and see
what happens so we're just going to run
a puff. py in this instance we're going
to be running a we make a jiggly puff AI
that will try to rest us but the moment
you can see it'll pop up with a faster
Val slippy 211 which is the latest
version of slippy we can hit play and
it'll boot up and you can see here we
are in the slippy online see why doesn't
mine do
that I think it's because there's some
[__] going
on
already like what
is hold on
there's definitely some [__] going
on what does it say it says like waiting
for
game
what are slippy gecko codes I don't
think this
is what are gecko codes that's the first
thing a gecko code is a code that acts
essentially like a Game Genie or Action
Replay
code hello everyone today we're going
over how to add gecko codes to Dophin
new one on the left Mainline dolphin and
on the right we'll be adding it to
slippy so to do that all you have to do
is right click the iso you want add GE
Cod to in Cas melee and hit properties
and Geck codes and it say easy clicking
add new code putting in the name the
Creator and the code itself so I'll show
you an example this is the name of the
code this is the creator of the code
this is the code itself well try put in
the right field so once you're done
click save there it is you want to add
it to slippy or an older version of
dolphin right click hit properties click
E Codes you want to click show defaults
two windows will pop up one will be this
one you don't need to worry about this
one the other will be a big master of
all your codes go to the very bottom
copy the code entir paste it you want to
follow this format for the title The
Creator and the code itself then click
save and close once you close this
window and you open the properties
window again it will appear on the list
and you can enable it hope this was
helpful yes that was helpful that was
cool dude this whole world is so
interesting
man
um but that doesn't really help me man
like
um oh
what oh yeah I forgot to clone
this
okay we're going to
see okay what are the command line
arguments example five I don't
know
okay so we're going to do the same thing
again we are going
to go
here to this no this copy this
path I feel like we want the slippy one
but for whatever [__] reason I'm an
idiot I'm going to try the other
one okay so what what are the required
ones hold on let me read the docks
cuz we should just close kind of wanted
to watch that but whatever
okay path to the be folder is that true
Dash
e
okay all right yeah so is the SL so why
would I ever
[__] be a dick about it okay so um
python example that Das
e and then no way they normalize
path okay they
do waiting for game no waiting for game
no waiting
for I it's got how to be related to
these SL these codes because this is
just not what
I'm okay fine let's just try
that we're going to download
it we're going to put it
in games that's fine and then we need to
do when we open
slippy we do
properties gecko
codes how do I change the path or
actually I could just copy
this two notepads right okay nice whoa
what editor is
this so is this what I want so if I just
oh
[__]
so I just
do
this then I'm going to close did that
add
stuff refresh
codes I feel like that might be all
right so we did oh Li M okay so we're
bro am I [__]
god let's go
guys so who cares if there's no memory
card
I'm going to try to restart
it dude this is sick I love this
[__] what
happened uh let's try editing the thing
from
here
settings
uh going to play
it right
now
actually but I feel
like right CU all the things are
John G is Gail 01 I thought it was
something
else oh
wait I'm [__] with the wrong [__]
right now watch that video
again there it is ADD it's probably just
like yeah what the [__] was that about
all right can we just do
this dude why isn't it doing what I
want
do not edit oh okay this is the one
that we're not supposed to [__]
with but I think I'm supposed to [__]
with it
so where is the codes file that's what
we want to
know
whoa
whoa that's [__]
cool okay how
to okay what is what is this doc
say yes where is
that okay so wait it's in
here
rust
extensions excuse me
guys game files right game
settings Gail okay so wait I'm just
going to Del I'm just going to delete
this or actually I'm going to rename it
uh bro let me rename
it uh oh
[__] oh okay then I want to go to
games I going copy this then we go back
we'll paste this
in okay so we did
something let's refresh the codes okay
let's close everything
bro sometimes this thing is getting on
my
nerve actually I just want to open this
directly all right now let's look at the
properties this thing better be
right dude what is going
on like what is actually going
on sis game settings
open this
up can I just put these in
here all right refresh those what's
going on
here dude what
happened all right I'm going to try
running the python thing again and see
oh maybe it's because this thing is open
I kind of doubt it
though we're going to try one more
time look at the property failed to
connect to the
console dude I really hope I didn't just
[__] everything up wait hold on I think
it was just being dumb let me just click
play and see if that's
fine I think it was just a timeout it's
going to say waiting oh oh okay oh
sick my controller is not working
though is that cuz they
only controll type
standard
H can we good to
where
this quit out let's
close oh
sick oh but my [__] controller is
still not
working wait did that just cuz I'm an
idiot oh do I really have to do this
again I could have sworn I okay fine
I'll do this one last time but I swear
to God I feel like it's cleaning up my
settings what happens if I do this what
happens if I close everything close bro
close shut up okay now we're going to
open
slippy or we're going to
open yeah sometimes it's like let's just
modify the files because I don't really
give a
[__] okay here's slippy we click
play now I feel like it's just
overwriting this because this probably
has my game
pad can I give it a path to
a
thing
wait am I the
opponent I don't think
so okay well fine I don't give a [__]
then if it's not showing up in there I
don't really know what to say but we're
going to run it one more
time dude the last frame took two
seconds to process okay wait this I'm
I'm guessing it's just not going to work
for some weird
reason okay never see okay what happened
like
why what did I change
again
oh sick okay
yeah wait but it's not no but doesn't
like normal this isn't what we
want oh wait which one is
it close all these folders
bro okay let's
think oh hold
on it's because it's managing its own
slippy install I feel those are two
different
versions my guess is that lib m is using
the older one so wait so let's click
play on so wait so okay so this should
say waiting for game or no I think it
should say waiting for game if we didn't
update the
G okay
hello
I feel like some sus [__] is going
on can we go
to how was I able to get it to do the
thing I totally don't get
it okay wait I want to go
to all right now that we know
that lib melee is managing the slippy
install path
cuz that's what I feel like is going on
that's the only thing that would make
sense of there's two
versions
so but I'm giving it the the
path like how is that possible right
let's just see what happens all right
it's opening 3.3 let we click play
oh
nice
okay okay and now my controller is bad
so wait we're going to
escape we're going to do this
thing why isn't it getting it oh
a
b
this this
this
this um controls up down left
right I'll do this too she stick
up left
right
Bo
L
right dpad do we even care about the
d-pad
guys
okay
um that must write to a file that
must okay so wait all
right let's try one last time
all right wait first let's check did it
save the
file or is it over I feel like it's
overwriting I feel like
it's I don't get
that okay fine
well
for some reason that just [__] Clos
theit wait does that mean that we'll
never be able
to okay wait hold on I know how to get
the path of this thing
wait but is
it
oh wait but that doesn't make any
sense wait so let's go back to puff.
high then
okay this is also opening up
3.3 and oh
interesting wait oh oh so that's
his why does clothes do that
that's a
bug okay well let's just try to get this
to
work what else do we have we don't have
completions of course cuz power shell
[__]
sucks
oh wait hold
on why doesn't it print this information
out so I'm the
opponent the AI okay oh yeah but
opponent is defaulted okay that makes
sense all right let's try running this
one last
time
okay I'm going to go here I'm going to
go to
controllers I'm a standard controller
I'm going configure it really
fast I really don't get it but
[Music]
um
um okay does this close
everything yes so it's like not even
worth
doing all right so we need to find
but it should be opening up that one
like I don't
understand oh wait I shouldn't have
closed
that
okay
so this is 3
whatever and has my game
p so then where is
slippy okay wait I wonder if I can just
open it up in task man and see so we're
going to try that it's a good idea so
now when I open this thing up it starts
some [__] process now where
is okay so wait can we
close so if we close this one then we'll
find open file
location
dude
what isn't that what I gave
it but if I click on
this wait is that
true wait
what users on
and I think this is the exact same
P dude I'm so
confused what is the
yeah dude I'm so
confused is that because it's opening up
the net play one which
is oh okay so we found
something it's not that helpful for me
honestly okay fine but now so if I go
back to here then I go to playback and I
click on this one please be
3.3.0 okay good
now if I go to controllers and I go here
configure I'm going to configure and
save it and it better not
[__] out on
me well okay fine let's do this we're
going to save this this game
pad save it and close this window close
close now I'm going to open this thing
back
up I just want to make sure that I save
the
file okay good so let's just do this and
let's hope that it stays in there there
cuz I feel like that's what was
happening oh
[__]
um
okay okay then we also want to look at
whether or not this thing
has
so it doesn't so we want to we want to
find out okay we just want to replace it
so we want to
Cy game
settings I don't know why though because
this is
the the
one
fine what is contr
a so now we want to go
properties that's super [__] annoying
dude
what is this
file why doesn't it show me
the this
is
is there any way to [__] open this in
the
Explorer I mean what file is that that
should
be all right well we can tell if it's
7400 lines
long it is this is the right one
okay well whatever so let's just I mean
it should say the LI melee stuff though
that's the [__]
problem
M should I give it
the I'm G to watch the video again D I'm
getting [__] pissed
no dude melee is like the best fighting
game ever dude here wait I'll hold on
uh dude actually that is so
annoy my computer's probably gonna lag
as hell do
this oh yes I want to see do Dollar
General dude oh my God literally
literally Microsoft is on a [__]
trip okay this that's I'm I'm getting
pissed off I'm actually P
off
idiots
okay anyways I'm trying to get the
stupid AI set up but it's like
just
brutal I'm have to turn on the audio on
the
[Music]
desktop this game is so good apparently
you can play
online
[Music]
but actually I'm going to mute
it level six I don't know if I can beat
this oh wait hold on can I go back I
can't go back that's super
annoying
why am I lagging so
much oh it's it's actually
horrible D I'm so bad
too oh I'm so bad but I'm lagging I'm
lagging guys it's just
lag
oh
it's so weird that they have two
versions of
dolphin they have one for net play and
one
not
you no I want to kill him I want to kill
him oh that's so annoying okay that's
the game
though
um [__] all right
um
wait but I was giving it the
path to the non net play what if I try
to change
that so instead of
playback it's net
play
fail to connect to the console is that
just because other [__] is
open oh [__]
man I lowkey doubt
it oh maybe it
was hold
on dude keeps resetting
this oh
sweet oh but this closed the whole thing
dude that's such a bug
man I wonder why that does that
all right I'm going to record a little
video wait
actually okay it's recording all right
so what is
this okay now for some reason it always
resets this so I got change this but
when I configure it and I load my game
pad and I click
close the whole thing closes it's really
annoying let's try x x closed the whole
thing so I don't know I
get I'm open a GitHub
issue I don't know if it's related to
slippy or Li melee
I don't think it happens it doesn't
happen when I just open slippy
directly all right let's
open isue lib
Mele dude this guy does not
respond oh but he's
around
oh
[__]
this is exactly the issue
that okay come
on is okay wait hold on first we have to
check because we're on
Windows because we're on Windows let's
read the rest of this
though
do you guys see that do you guys see
that look at that how is that possible
one pixel error that happen over here
no that's crazy that's totally
crazy
uh I'm just going to make a new
one
for
what did all this
say
for
dude I want this working so [__]
badly how do I change the controller
maybe I should just change the
controller
manually oh wait
um
uh so we want to go to show
recordings and we want
to go
here I wonder if this works okay bro
give me list view list yes we want large
no bro details who who would ever want
something besides that
is that from today
1111 so I'm
click move it to
here that's not MP4 dude
what
bro can I open Terminal here does this
work no you bro sometimes window be on
my ass I just want Linux
man okay fine CD videos okay we're going
to copy this
thing and we're going to
go uh
m-i this
thing uh then we're going to go this
thing dot MP4
come on
[__] bro why is this re-encoding so
slow it's like I'm watching the video
all over
again guys I just want this to work so
badly I want to play this guy's
bot okay so here we go now we're going
to go like
this wait what this
wait
[__] guys that's so
annoying did it just add the
text can I upload a video attach
files um
videos captures no oh it's
this there we
go
I load my game I close the whole thing
closes I
don't right so what's this shut up
man
okay wait
but there's got to be a way
to which controller controller type
standard what does that even
mean
all right well let's just see what
happens when I
[Music]
play
G it's called gcn
right
what do they call them
profile
dude this guy responded so
fast bro I want this working
dude can I run a buntu like full on full
I feel like that's not going to work
with Kimu or some
[__] maybe it would
but I wonder I wonder what happens we
should just try it just to [__] around I
feels like it feels like I'm GNA end the
stream with no
success
uh and we want to
clone
High
net dude I have numpy on this what the
[__] I really don't code in Python do
I it must be a different version of
numai I feel it must
have
please respond please respond to
me I want to what the [__]
now
fck stupid [__] maics
no gives a [__] about
maics bro fish is sometimes really slow
too oh
bro this sounds like it
sucks should we do this chat should we
do
this yo yo yo yo yo yo chat should we do
this do we do this [__] chat all right
so we got to figure out how to
[__] do
that all right first
off okay so a path exists chat a path
exists I want to try this though just
cuz it's so silly and I want to see what
happened no I don't no I don't I don't
give a
[__] so in
console I feel like okay
wait controller though when the
controller gets set
up is it console or
controller I want to play my AI so
bad can I do
this
okay wait I just want to check one
thing if I do
this and I do this
[Music]
just so this thing will shut
up dude imagine being the person that's
like we should keep Pips dependencies
really low and not have
colors or python for that matter python
stack stack traces just total garbage
just white Tex
completely in
incomprehensible uh I like that
thing rich rich was
good
um okay so now that we know we're
dealing with Okay so let's just try
running the example one more time um we
have
this and then we want to go to
console we want to go bline three 00 he
said okay so these are and these are
all
options okay all right we're starting to
get the we're starting to get what's
going on
here this is going to be a
[__] okay I'll be right back
h
okay so I think think what
we okay so I think what we want to
do is we want to open up the
[__] we want to open up the
settings and it's not going to be in
that right it's it's going to be
like
big okay yeah yeah so if we go here and
we go to user config profiles GC pad we
have
this so all I want to do is I want to
open
up
um uh
slippy with that what is an
i
config it's just a dict it's just like
toml yeah
okay o i could control the the range
that would be kind of nice um so that I
could hop easier okay what do I want to
do we now want to open
up
oh this already does
that is that true
bro
the [__] is going
on it's only on the controller
thing oh okay so it does do it that's
nice this doesn't work right
this that's sick man we're so
close we just need
to set Port one to be a okay so I'm sure
that we could do this um
all right wait we need to we need to
understand exactly what's going on
because it runs a command right that's
at the end of the day it just runs a
command that starts dolphin I'm pretty
sure yeah it just builds this
command
I didn't know that you could run exe
files like with command line arguments
so let me
go which one do I want I think I want I
think I want playback so I want to copy
this
path
BR copy his path what is it it's
shift control shift C
okay and then I want to go to my
terminal I want to go
here is this command prompt bro I don't
want command
prompt okay so then I want to
say
the oh [__] spaces bro are you
serious
that's just a string okay hold
on if I have
this I not
run oh it's an
and
cool so now I want to do
Dash oh that's
sick okay good now we're getting
somewhere user folder
path
so wait okay so wait
so hold
on so now I had a print right so now I
want to go here and before we do the
command
what is
this that's just a
thing
okay what what happens on line
input this doesn't seem
like it's going to get us where we
want all right you know
what n bro I want to figure this
out
yo hold on hold on hold
on
[Music]
okay- p1-
I does that work bro if that works I'm
going to
poop
oh that's definitely not
right all right wait I want to try it
though okay so we we do
this with the
and then we get our game
ISO keep your phone close I might I
probably will come over but not
okay where are my
games you I also have a ton of video
games now so we can play video games why
do you have a ton
of well because I've been doing this
emulation thing how many controllers I
only have one
controller oh now one well one person
could play
on actually we could go to Micro Center
and get another one they probably
sell
why don't I come over and you play
Minecraft and I watch I don't really
want to play
Minecraft
I let me look up
Xbox wireless a wireless USBC it's $60
that's fine that' be fine with
it about it that's I feel like that's
pricey I feel like you just I feel like
I should just try and play
the you watch probably like
really well there's a $10 one with a 2.5
rating wow 2.5 out of what five but
there's only two reviews so I feel like
it's probably pretty shitty oh we could
get the Xbox One Elite Series 2 wireless
controller for 179
steel
steel um do they not sell like normal
Xbox wired let me just look on wait hold
on Xbox
wired
or or
PC I think that's what I want
$76 bro that is such a
ripoff you can get one of Walmart for
$20 that seems much more
reasonable why is this one so
expensive that's [__]
insane bro literally why is this so
expensive
there is just literally no reason why
this needs to be so
expensive what the actual
[__] you want to paint I don't have any
paint
stuff okay here's a power
a but this isn't made by Microsoft I
want Microsoft's
drivers okay [__] it uh I was trying to
figure out how to do what oh yeah this
stupid madeup [__] never going to
work
okay hold on so where is it copy
path okay then where's my Gamepad
profile actually where does it get saved
we never resolve that
issue oh wait didn't I
yeah all right copy profile copy okay
bye love
you
chat there's no [__] way this thing
[Music]
works right I want to comment on
that
um
okay
so wait can we just modify
this
oh guys guys
guys
okay so what we're going to do is we're
literally just going to be like hey
motherfu what the we're using this
thing we're using this
mother all
right
um
wait
guys guys is it is it better work no
[__]
way oh what the
[__] wait wait wait wait wait wait
stop
okay I'm going to put it in
here copy the file location above
okay
wait bro
what oh let's
go
what
dude I no something's
wrong I'm not supposed to go through any
of this I
think okay we're going to try one more
time please please please please
work I don't know why logging
is do we have have all
the yeah that looks
great damn it what the [__] all right
wait I want to see if I disable
this I don't know why logging is on now
I didn't say that oh wait didn't did I
say that I think I did say
that right so we're going
to no I didn't say that so why does it
want to do
that
weird wait so I reverted the
thing does it do
it
huh
hello
GC pad
one is this read only this might [__]
everything up though
guys we're going to go we're going to
go C on them I feel like this is going
to [__] everything up
but damn
it son of a
[__] hold on try one more
time oh wait
what did I
do all we're going try one more
time yeah that's not
right
but that causes it to crash so we need
to also
say but I think I I thought I specified
the
device but here it does some
[__]
nice guys I think we may have just done
it
please please please please please
please please please
please oh my [__] god it's laggy as
all
hell let's [__]
[Music]
go wait why
is
guys we [__] did
it oh my God it's so
laggy
[Music]
all right wait so okay wait wait now
guys guys guys guys guys we have done it
so let's close [__] everything so
that maybe it's will be a little less
slow guys we have done it now we just
need to go here then we need to go to
smashbot and we needed
uh we're going to see what happens but I
should be able to just run smashbot
thatp import maele could not be resolved
Quick
Fix
um
do okay so maybe that's just cap we're
going to run python or we just going to
run smashbot
dopy what are the
arguments
I think it's just that right let's go to
smashbot
repo okay that was
stupid oh yeah
um what was our thing
here this is the path it's e right no
way he would make it something else
yeah okay cool guys I think we [__]
did it it's going to be so laggy I'm
going get destroyed but we did
it oh
wait that's
whack wait
what all right what if we just switch
around I
don't oh wait oh I know what happened no
no no I'm an idiot
I just have to remember to do
this all right
[Music]
sick dude Final Destination we're about
to get [__]
up
dude this guy
[Music]
sucks what's going
on this guy
sucks I feel like there might be a
difficulty mode or like
[Music]
a
dude what is going on with this AI this
guy sucks
man
what
default
FD
default okay let's
see
difficulty equals
4 where does it get used in
bait means adjust oh okay so if I just
keep killing him all right wait I want
to set it to difficulty
s
Dash dude this is so
sick
smashbot oh [__] I'm such an
idiot do it still
work nice this thing is
sweet
I got some drift in my
[Music]
controller
I wonder why it's so [__]
[Music]
slow
see and it's so stupid python These
Warnings like they don't
even I feel like this probably already
has an open
issue
um all right
so what we want to do is we to go
here we to get
diff
and we're not actually going to make
this
PR oh
yeah
um oh yeah hold
on two uncommitted changes that doesn't
sound
right
[Music]
[__] create
Fork [__] yeah
man
[Music]
um
cool
what was the
eror what was the command
for
oh wait should I record a little
clip let get a Lo
clip okay um we run
this
D controllers set up
[Music]
play
all right that's enough it's definitely
dumb where's
my oh wait let me review
it oh and I got to [__] convert it
because defaults to recording not an mp4
but MKV who the hell uses MKV
anyway it might be too big of a file
too we could trim it
easily okay um R run
this
all right I'm down to attach that let's
see if it's too big oh wait
okay uh that's really annoying
actually okay so what we're going to do
is we're going to FFM Peg
it what is the newest one I like that
they show this last right
time it's this one that's a lot of
lights yeah 530 okay so we want to
um okay then we want to attach
files this is uh six this is 420 and
this is
might be too
big wait
what bro it's literally an mp4 you guys
are
ridiculous first off details guys
details oh is it just not done it's just
not done I'm dumb as
[__]
dude this bot I want this bot to kick my
ass all right oh it's probably just
under the F oh less than
10 all right how do we compress
it how to compress MP4 I ideally
um 23 megabytes to under
10 guys what's that
video I for I forget who those guys are
FM Peg
user prominence red I suggest you dive
into FFM pack are we
Cod [__] So Good Fred muring guys all
right so uh what did Chad gbt
say
[__] what is the file
name this re-encoding [__] is so
annoying
presumably they like save the replays
anyway so I don't even have to do this
but is it still
running
looks like we're going to cross 10
megabytes how many frames was
it
more than anything it's just how goddamn
slow it
is all right well let's just open up
normal
dolphin
let close
this dude what what is going on
it's so
slow I feel like there's I feel like
it's probably just that the CPU can't
handle something like oh wait SJ is
feeling kind of responsive right
now
how do I pick the CPU
okay
Mar final
destination nowh to hide
guys oh I can grab now
[__]
bro
that's
it all right hold on hold on hold on
hold
on how big was the
file okay good now let's watch the
video wait 60 dude what kind of what
kind of [__] are we talking
about all right I give up on the video
part we're just going to submit the
issue where is the
issue
all right let's just [__] play
now
I want to hit one of these things [__]
dude this game is so
good
oh he
Gra
but I really want to [__] get some of
these good AI G like there's got to be a
community of people that are really into
the like if like if you think about it
what's crazy is like on my OBS I'm
running literally two neural networks
I'm running a neural network for
background removal and one for mic
background so it's like the number of AI
running on my computer is like already
pretty
high
oh yeah that was
obvious
what yeah those I mean that's just so
what I want to go through
him
that's
easy
Mark walked right into that one
dude I love FAL FAL is so
sick his [__] drill down air is so
sick I missed
it I always think that's longer than it
is
all right so now
I'm trying to think about how easy it
would be they all use Li melee all right
so we should make our own bot I think
that's probably what we want to do
next
oh the [__] tip bro stupid ass
[__] I need to get I need to do that
better like you
go
[__]
that's a good base
you don't want to wave Dash towards him
you want to go away from
him dude this is one of the best games
of all time like not even a
question
for
easy oh I don't know it's
dead
I want to hit one of these
[__] what are they called tilts are
they called
tilts want to hit one of these
Bonk
Bon it's got good
[Laughter]
range
[__]
oh
[__] that's it easy
bro Ice
Climbers what
he doesn't really
jump [__] trying to hit that [__]
donkey kick
oh
[__]
easy
yeah there's all of these tilts that I
don't know about how do you I think
they're called tilts oh [__]
150 like how do I get that other angled
kick look like Ford uptil
oh
[__]
dude that guy this guy's an
idiot oh that's tragic that's very
tragic all right I think I'm about done
maybe I should play another
champ
dude I definitely jumped there
H there it is
[__] give me give me the
donkey
[__] time come here
[__]
oh that was stupid as
all oh
what dude what I feel like the grab
mechanics or something I don't really
understand
yet
oh I'm at
you can't really do that you have to you
have to get it on the first one like
that and then wait hold on dude [__]
stop okay so if you go like
this now you have to go
you have
to I guess you have to be back
up
what I definitely pressed up
there
all right all right that's enough of
this [__] game so now what do we want
to do we want to make an AI for
ourselves
okay so I should be able to run puff up
high which is in that
video Perfect
guys dude this video is just so
good
um where is
that hey everybody this is Al sample
program that you can uh view for
reference uh we're going to use a menu
helper which is a really useful uh
helper function that will be useful for
navigating the menu systems so in this
case we're just going to copy a little
bit of code and then we'll explain what
it
does here and here we could just read
example.py
but I think I'll end the stream and I'm
just being keep
playing